1. Men's flowers
Yes, that's right you can give flowers to men, but of course not a lush bouquet of gentle pink roses.
"Male" flowers are flowers with large leaves and strict forms - gladiolus, calla lilies, irises, lilies, big chrysanthemums. Color of the men's bouquet should be bright, deep and juicy. It depends on what you need but mostly the shape of the bouquet should not be round and cute. So don't cut off the stems, don't pick off leaves - especially long and sharp. Also fern can be used as additional decoration.

2. If you want to give an original extraordinary flower as a gift - pineapple is the best choice!

3. Water
Before you put the flowers in water, cut the stems diagonally (this should be done under water). The flowers with thick stiff stems (roses, chrysanthemums, lilacs, etc.) need to be further split; with soft stems - make cuts. Early spring flowers should be put into cold water. Gerbera daisies, lilacs, lilies of the valley, any milkweed flowers (poppies, dahlias, chrysanthemums, daffodils) - only into warm water. It is necessary to remove all leaves and roses' thorns which are immersed in water, otherwise the water will rot.

4. Wash the vase. Water in the vase also should be changed, cutting at each change of water stems 1-1.5 cm. For longer blooming lily, freesia, tulips, hippeastrum, you should remove the stamens.  If flowers have a few buds on one stem - remove dried, fresh buds will continue to blossom.

5.Flowers compatibility
Be careful putting together different kind of flowers. Lilies, carnations, daffodils, lilies can not stand the presence of other flowers. Incompatible with each other tea and dark red roses. Sweet peas is dangerous for any other flowers. You can not put together lilies and violets, tulips and forget-me-nots.

6. Yellow
Don't believe that yellow flowers mean a betrayal. It's a completely unfair prejudice.
Yellow flowers represent friendship, trust, compassion, and respect. For these reasons, yellow flowers are a popular choice at the workplace to show appreciation for a job well done. Yellow color is color of the sun, warmth light and kindness. So the flowers with their soft radiance also communicate sympathy. 

6.1.  Yellow daffodils are great flowers for friends. These gentle flowers show your warmth and compassion and renew ties of friendship, even during difficult times. ( как отдельная тема для друзей)

7. White
Fresh white flowers are most closely associated with purity and innocence. The delicate white blossoms represent honesty, purity, and perfection. White carnations, white orchids, white calla lilies, and white daisies -  all these flowers communicate pure, thoughtful love and undying fidelity.

8. Red
Fresh red flowers send the clear and powerful message of intense romantic love. Red is the unquestioned color of passion, freedom and fire. Any red bouquet or red flower arrangement will communicate your strong and powerful love. Red flowers are the closest symbolic likeness to the heart. Red roses are the most common red flower, but red carnations, red tulips, and red gerbera daisies will all transmit your message of desire and passion.

9. Wild flowers
Wildflowers is a simple symbol of tenderness and natural beauty. They remind us of the summer, warm sun, fields and nature. So these gentle and touching flowers are the embodiment of a perfect romance.

10. Children's flowers 
Small and delicate flowers arranged in small bunches can be a good gift or gift addition for children. Flowers' colors should be bright and happy. You can give flowers in the shape of a ship or steam locomotive (puff puff).

11. Spring flowers
Spring bouquet is the best gift for those who want to recharge with positive energy and enjoy the atmosphere of spring blossoms and warm bright sun. Spring is a symbol of renewal, tenderness and purity that's why the colors should be white, pink and green, gentle pastel shades with a slight pleasant fragrance. 
